# F-Zero: Maximum Velocity Password Decoder

A JavaScript-based F-Zero: Maximum Velocity Rankings passwords decoder.

## How to use

Note: these steps won't work for save files where no record in any track has been set.

1. Open the desired save file.
2. Select Rankings and select the desired cup (works with Championship too).
3. Select the player's name (won't work with Mixed Rankings).
4. Select the desired track.
5. Press in sequence **Up, Right, Right, B, Left, B, Right, A** while holding **L**.
6. If done correctly the track's subtitle will be replaced by a password.
7. Write down the displayed password.
8. Open [https://waluigibsod.github.io/fzmv-password-decoder/](https://waluigibsod.github.io/fzmv-password-decoder/).
9. Enter the password (e.g. `-+045Q=R=HFLX6Q9HNRC`).
10. Read the decoded info.

## Program

It's basically a fork of [Version 1.5.2](https://github.com/WaluigiBSOD/dm64-password-decoder/releases/tag/1.5.2) of [Dr. Mario 64 Password Decoder](https://github.com/WaluigiBSOD/dm64-password-decoder), another tool I wrote. Obviously the decoding algorithm is not the same.

Both this program and [F-Zero: Maximum Velocity Password Generator](https://github.com/WaluigiBSOD/fzmv-password-generator) were written using the original source code of the game that leaked in July 2020 as reference.

The original implementations of the password generation and decoding algorithms inside the source code of the game can be found at `netcard.7z\iqgba.tar\iQue-GBA\cvsroot\FZERO_for_GBA\rasheen\src\main\ras_codec.c`.

An additional file that was used as reference is `netcard.7z\iqgba.tar\iQue-GBA\cvsroot\FZERO_for_GBA\rasheen\src\p1\ras_game_dat.c`, for converting vehicle IDs to names.

## License

The source code is released under the GNU General Public License v 3.0 (see [LICENSE](https://github.com/WaluigiBSOD/fzmv-password-decoder/blob/master/LICENSE) in the root of the repository for a copy of the license and for more information).

### Disclaimer

This program may contain copyrighted material, the use of which may not have been specifically authorized by the copyright owner.
This material is available in an effort to research on the password system of the videogame "F-Zero: Maximum Velocity", to provide a tool to decode Rankings passwords generated by the game.

This should constitute a ‘fair use’ of any such copyrighted material (referenced and provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law).

If you wish to use any copyrighted material from this program for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘fair use’, you must obtain expressed permission from the copyright owner.